---
author: ths
comments: true
date: 2010-01-19 12:20:00+00:00
layout: post
slug: msdn-webcast-%e6%8a%80%e6%9c%af%e7%ad%89%e7%ba%a7%e7%95%8c%e5%ae%9a%e6%a0%87%e5%87%86
title: MSDN Webcast  技术等级界定标准
wordpress_id: 76
categories:
- 技术
tags:
- it
- msdn
- webcast
- 技术等级
---

To ensure that participants get the most out of each Support
WebCast, the technical level of the presentation has been included.
Classification has been done in accordance with the classic
undergraduate class model and the description of each level is
listed below.





**100 level:** Is an introduction to the topic or
overview. The 100-level Support WebCast assumes little or no
expertise with the topic being covered.





**200 level:** Assumes 100-level knowledge and a
fairly complete understanding of the features. The 200-level
Support WebCasts may discuss case studies that cover a breadth of
common scenarios or explain how to use more advanced features.





**300 level:** Assumes 200-level knowledge and an
in-depth understanding of product features in a real-world
environment. The 300-level Support WebCasts may go into unusual
case studies that illustrate specific aspects of the product that
are key to improving performance or interoperability.





**400 level:** Assumes the deepest level of
technical knowledge we expect a customer to have. The 400-level
Support WebCasts are essentially expert-to-expert sessions. The
content provides the means for customers to push products to
maximum performance, achieve the broadest possible
interoperability, and create applications using even the most
advanced features.



